---
layout: post
title:  "First post!"
date:   2021-04-12 11:54:52 +0200
categories: daily read
---

# Daily read

This is the first (possibly last, time will show) post. 
If I dont tell anyone about it, no one will show up, so quite little to loose I would say.
Sometimes I read papers about something that interest me, sometimes this overlaps with my daily work, sometimes this even overlap with something colleagues would find interesting.
Sometimes I read papers thorough, sometimes I skim them and sometimes I save them for later (of which I mostly forget).
Sometimes I even share them with colleagues, and it is here this little text comes in. 
Instead of harassing them with unsolicited emails, I can just collect them here (and harass them with a notification each time I write something new...
Layout and overall format could be solved later.

## Papers I came by today

Dosimetric evaluation of receptor-heterogeneity on the therapeutic efficacy of peptide receptor radionuclide therapy: correlation with DNA damage induction and in vivo survival
[Paper link](https://jnm.snmjournals.org/content/early/2021/04/09/jnumed.121.262122?ct)

I would set a dangerous precedence by commenting on the papers, and will not do it as of now.


## Music in the background right now

Some weeks a go I was notified about Joyce manor, it has become my new guilty pleasure, Constant Headache sounds like summer ca 2010, even though the album came in 2013.
[Spotify link](https://open.spotify.com/album/13Q0AfGNq7GwUXGeUwWViH?si=ja7KTedpSwaEOqBkjsAeiQ)

